In the first case, we have w  00:00:10,781
What happens,
is that r compares the logical
test whether the value is  00:00:18,370
To each one of the values in the vector.
Now remember the vector is 0,
0.1, 0.2, 0.3, all the way to 1.
And when you run this logical test on
each value of the function, you get at
the beginning values are all true, where
the vector elements are smaller than or
equal to 0.5 and later on they become
false as the values get larger.
The second row, takes the result of the
first row which is a vector of true and
false values and calls the function any.
The function any returns true, if any of
the logical values in the vector
is true, returns true as well.
In this case, some of the elements
of the value w  00:01:10,020
in this line are true, therefore the
function any will return true as well.
In the third row,
we check whether all the values and
the logical vector are false.
Since the vector w less than or equal to
zero point five is partially true and
partially false, the outcome
of this command will be false.
The last row, extracts the indices
of the logical vector in which
the logical value is true.
Remember again, the value of
the vector w  00:01:46,850
The first six values are true and
the last five values are false.
Therefore, the function which
will return indices 123456 which
are the indices of the vector w